[ MAP SCRIPTING ]  

-   Updated tsconfig.json in the script_zoo, setting the target to "es2022" for more accurate type analysis.  
    
-   Changed point_script entity to no longer remove itself on a failed script load during spawn. Instead it will remain in an inactive state and listen for script changes if the game is running in tools mode.  
    
-   Fixed point_script entity to no longer potentially crash after an unsuccessful reload from an invalid script while running the game in tools mode.  
    
-   Changed point_script entity to hold onto the memory value returned by an Instance.OnBeforeReload callback until the next successful reload instead of forgetting it if the reload is unsuccessful.  
    
-   Changed methods expecting arguments of string type to now error instead of calling toString for arguments of the wrong type.  
    
-   Changed Instance.Msg and Instance.DebugScreenText to accept any type for the text value.  
    
-   Fixed a bug where RunScriptInput would crash the game when triggered with a null caller or activator.  
    
-   Removed Instance.OnGameEvent in favor of per-event registration methods. This gives us tools for stronger API stability and creates a consistent API for events that are not gameevents.  
    
-   Added Instance.DebugLine  
    
-   Added Instance.DebugBox  
    
-   Added Instance.OnPlayerConnect  
    
-   Added Instance.OnPlayerActivate  
    
-   Added Instance.OnPlayerDisconnect  
    
-   Added Instance.OnRoundStart  
    
-   Added Instance.OnRoundEnd  
    
-   Added Instance.OnBombPlant  
    
-   Added Instance.OnBombDefuse  
    
-   Added Instance.OnPlayerKill  
    
-   Added Instance.OnPlayerChat  
    
-   Added Instance.OnGunFire  
    
-   Added Instance.OnGrenadeThrow  
    
-   Added an overload to Instance.EntFireAtName that allows setting caller and activator  
    
-   Added an overload to Instance.EntFireAtTarget that allows setting caller and activator  
    
-   Added normal vector to the result of Instance.GetTraceHit  
    
-   Added Entity.GetGroundEntity  
    
-   Added CSWeaponBase.GetOwner  
    
-   Added CSPlayerController.GetName  
    
-   Added CSObserverPawn.GetOriginalPlayerController  
    
-   Added CSPlayerPawn.GetOriginalPlayerController  
    
-   Added CSPlayerPawn.IsCrouching  
    
-   Added CSPlayerPawn.IsCrouched  
    
-   Added CSPlayerPawn.IsNoclipping  
    
-   See maps/editor/zoo/scripts/point_script.d.ts for comprehensive details on the API  
    
-   Added "train_zoo.vmap" with all de_train assets and examples for mapmakers.