[ ENGINE ]

-   Updated engine code to the latest version of Source 2.
    
-   Reworked bullet penetration simulation to reduce CPU usage.
    
-   Improved core utilization of some client particle and sound effects processing, reducing overall CPU usage when players are shooting.
    

[ GAMEPLAY ]

-   Defusing C4 will now lower the viewmodel weapon, prevent scoping, and delay firing the weapon by 150ms after exiting the defuse.
    
-   C4 will no longer detonate in the middle of halftime intermission or after the end of the match.
    
-   Fixed a case where 1 tick was incorrectly subtracted from sv_predictable_damage_tag_ticks.
    

[ UI ]

-   Major Highlight clips are now viewable from the Spectator Loadout.
    
-   Selected player is now more visible in the Team Counter.
    
-   Context menu in the Inventory now opens in a position relative to the cursor.
    
-   HUD weapon mode indicator has been moved to the ammo count.
    
-   Raindrops are now removed from weapons when switching to a dry inspect environment.
    

[ MAP SCRIPTING ]

-   cs_script enums can now be imported and behave the same as TypeScript enums.
    
    -   CSWeaponType.PISTOL == 1
        
    -   CSWeaponType[1] == "PISTOL"
        
-   Added enums CSRoundEndReason, CSHitGroup, CSLoadoutSlot, CSDamageTypes, CSDamageFlags and CSWeaponAttackType
    
-   Added BOOSTS value to CSGearSlot. This is the gear slot for healthshots.
    
-   Updated Instance.OnRoundEnd to now receive the reason
    
-   Updated Instance.OnBeforePlayerDamage to now receive damageType and damageFlags and the result can now modify damageType and damageFlags
    
-   Updated Instance.OnPlayerDamage to now receive damageType and damageFlags
    
-   Updated Instance.OnKnifeAttack to now receive attackType
    
-   Updated Instance.TraceLine, Instance.TraceSphere and Instance.TraceBox
    
    -   The trace config now accepts an array of ignore entities or just one
        
    -   The trace config can specify to trace against hitboxes
        
    -   The trace result will include hitGroup if tracing against hitboxes
        
-   Updated Instance.BulletTrace result to include hitGroup
    
-   Updated Entity.TakeDamage to accept damageType and damageFlags
    
-   Added CSWeaponData.GetGearSlot()