[ GAMEPLAY ]

-   Fixed a case where air acceleration was clamped incorrectly while surfing.
-   Fixed a case where slowly surfing up a ramp was handled incorrectly due to misidentification as a jump apex.
-   Fix a bug causing "Delay Sniper Rifle Un-Scope after Shot" to be inconsistent.

[ DEMO ]

-   Added TrueView demo playback, which reconstructs the observed player's original experience more accurately by re-running client-side prediction.
-   TrueView playback will show the effects of Damage Prediction, if it was enabled by the observed player at the time.
-   TrueView does not reconstruct the precise timings of rendered frames, so some differences between the original player's experience and TrueView playback will remain, especially in very slow motion playback. The player's frame at the time when the mouse was clicked, which is used for hit registration, is shown accurately to the nearest demo playback frame. However, reaction effects such as recoil, muzzle flash, blood splatter, and ragdoll are delayed while playing the game by one or two frames due to the way CPU and GPU work is pipelined, and will not appear at the same time during demo playback.
-   TrueView demo playback might not work properly on old demos and is disabled by default if the playback client version does not match the client version when the demo was recorded. You can set cl_demo_predict 2 to override this.
-   Fixed a bug causing third person models to not animate smoothly.
-   Fixed a bug causing time to lurch forward by one tick when unpausing a demo.

[ MISC ]

-   Animation fixes for G3SG1 bolt.
-   Fixed developer console scrollbar to accept mouse clicks.

# [Introducing TrueView](https://steamcommunity.com/games/CSGO/announcements/detail/578276333072678919)

Today we're adding a new feature to demo playback called _TrueView_. With TrueView, demo playback will match the player's original experience much more closely.

Previously, demo playback showed the server's view of the world, without accounting for network latency. This could be confusing because shots would hit that didn't look like they should have, and vice versa.

TrueView provides a more accurate representation of the observed player's experience by re-running their  [_client-side prediction_](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Client-side_prediction).

The video below shows the difference between the old demo playback and the same playback with TrueView.

A few caveats:

-   TrueView will only predict damage if Damage Prediction was active for the player being observed at the time. Your own client settings will not have an effect.
-   By default, TrueView is deactivated when the version of the game you are using to view the demo does not match the version of the game used to record the demo.
-   Even with TrueView active, there may still be some differences between what you see in the demo and what the player originally saw (especially with slow-motion playback). For example, damage effects will have different timing during demo playback due to the way CPU and GPU work are pipelined.

Additionally, we're shipping movement changes that we made available last week in a beta branch. All that and more and today's update!